tile.logOakEB.greatOak.name=Great Oak Wood
tile.logOakEB.savannah.name=Thorntree Wood
tile.logOakEB.poplar.name=Poplar Wood
tile.logOakEB.mangrove.name=Mangrove Wood

tile.logSpruceEB.fir.name=Fir Wood
tile.logSpruceEB.cypress.name=Cypress Wood
tile.logSpruceEB.pine.name=Pine Wood
tile.logSpruceEB.silverPine.name=Silver Pine Wood

tile.logBirchEB.alder.name=Alder Wood
tile.logBirchEB.eucalyptus.name=Eucalyptus Wood
tile.logBirchEB.aspen.name=Aspen Wood
tile.logBirchEB.34.name=BirchEB Wood

tile.logJungleEB.baobab.name=Baobab Wood
tile.logJungleEB.dead.name=Dead Wood
tile.logJungleEB.cherry.name=Cherry Wood
tile.logJungleEB.44.name=JungleEB Wood


tile.leavesOakEB_0.name=Great Oak Leaves
tile.leavesOakEB_1.name=Thorntree Leaves
tile.leavesOakEB_2.name=Poplar Leaves
tile.leavesOakEB_3.name=Mangrove Leaves

tile.leavesSpruceEB_0.name=Fir Leaves
tile.leavesSpruceEB_1.name=Cypress Leaves
tile.leavesSpruceEB_2.name=Pine Leaves
tile.leavesSpruceEB_3.name=Silver Pine Leaves

tile.leavesBirchEB_0.name=Alder Leaves
tile.leavesBirchEB_1.name=Eucalyptus Leaves
tile.leavesBirchEB_2.name=Aspen Leaves
tile.leavesBirchEB_3.name=BirchEB Leaves

tile.leavesJungleEB_0.name=Baobab Leaves
tile.leavesJungleEB_1.name=Cherry Leaves
tile.leavesJungleEB_2.name=Cherry Leaves
tile.leavesJungleEB_3.name=JungleEB Leaves


tile.planksEB_0.name=Great Oak Wood Planks
tile.planksEB_1.name=Thorntree Wood Planks
tile.planksEB_2.name=Poplar Wood Planks
tile.planksEB_3.name=Mangrove Wood Planks

tile.planksEB_4.name=Fir Wood Planks
tile.planksEB_5.name=Cypress Wood Planks
tile.planksEB_6.name=Pine Wood Planks
tile.planksEB_7.name=Silver Pine Wood Planks

tile.planksEB_8.name=Alder Wood Planks
tile.planksEB_9.name=Eucalyptus Wood Planks
tile.planksEB_10.name=Aspen Wood Planks
tile.planksEB_11.name=BirchEB Wood Planks

tile.planksEB_12.name=Baobab Wood Planks
tile.planksEB_13.name=Dead Wood Planks
tile.planksEB_14.name=Cherry Wood Planks
tile.planksEB_15.name=JungleEB Wood Planks


tile.stairsWoodEB0.name=Great Oak Wood Stairs
tile.stairsWoodEB1.name=Thorntree Wood Stairs
tile.stairsWoodEB2.name=Poplar Wood Stairs
tile.stairsWoodEB3.name=Mangrove Wood Stairs

tile.stairsWoodEB4.name=Fir Wood Stairs
tile.stairsWoodEB5.name=Cypress Wood Stairs
tile.stairsWoodEB6.name=Pine Wood Stairs
tile.stairsWoodEB7.name=Silver Pine Wood Stairs

tile.stairsWoodEB8.name=Alder Wood Stairs
tile.stairsWoodEB9.name=Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
tile.stairsWoodEB10.name=Aspen Wood Stairs
tile.stairsWoodEB11.name=BirchEB Wood Stairs

tile.stairsWoodEB12.name=Baobab Wood Stairs
tile.stairsWoodEB13.name=Dead Wood Stairs
tile.stairsWoodEB14.name=Cherry Wood Stairs
tile.stairsWoodEB15.name=JungleEB Wood Stairs


tile.slab1EB_0.name=Great Oak Wood Slab
tile.slab1EB_1.name=Thorntree Wood Slab
tile.slab1EB_2.name=Poplar Wood Slab
tile.slab1EB_3.name=Mangrove Wood Slab

tile.slab1EB_4.name=Fir Wood Slab
tile.slab1EB_5.name=Cypress Wood Slab
tile.slab1EB_6.name=Pine Wood Slab
tile.slab1EB_7.name=Silver Pine Wood Slab

tile.slab2EB_0.name=Alder Wood Slab
tile.slab2EB_1.name=Eucalyptus Wood Slab
tile.slab2EB_2.name=Aspen Wood Slab
tile.slab2EB_3.name=BirchEB Wood Slab

tile.slab2EB_4.name=Baobab Wood Slab
tile.slab2EB_5.name=Dead Wood Slab
tile.slab2EB_6.name=Cherry Wood Slab
tile.slab2EB_7.name=JungleEB Wood Slab


tile.saplingEB_0.name=Great Oak Sapling
tile.saplingEB_1.name=Thorntree Sapling
tile.saplingEB_2.name=Poplar Sapling
tile.saplingEB_3.name=Mangrove Sapling

tile.saplingEB_4.name=Fir Sapling
tile.saplingEB_5.name=Cypress Sapling
tile.saplingEB_6.name=Pine Sapling
tile.saplingEB_7.name=Silver Pine Sapling

tile.saplingEB_8.name=Alder Sapling
tile.saplingEB_9.name=Eucalyptus Sapling
tile.saplingEB_10.name=Aspen Sapling
tile.saplingEB_11.name=BirchEB Sapling

tile.saplingEB_12.name=Baobab Sapling
tile.saplingEB_13.name=Dead Sapling
tile.saplingEB_14.name=Cherry Sapling
tile.saplingEB_15.name=JungleEB Sapling


tile.stoneEB_0.name=Basalt
tile.stoneEB_1.name=Shale
tile.stoneEB_2.name=Hardened Sandstone
tile.stoneEB_3.name=Limestone
tile.stoneEB_4.name=Slate
tile.stoneEB_5.name=Rhyolite


tile.stoneBrickEB_0.name=Basalt Bricks
tile.stoneBrickEB_1.name=Shale Bricks
tile.stoneBrickEB_2.name=Hardened Sandstone Bricks
tile.stoneBrickEB_3.name=Limestone Bricks
tile.stoneBrickEB_4.name=Slate Bricks
tile.stoneBrickEB_5.name=Rhyolite Bricks


tile.stoneCobbleEB_0.name=Cobbled Basalt
tile.stoneCobbleEB_1.name=Cobbled Shale
tile.stoneCobbleEB_3.name=Cobbled Limestone
tile.stoneCobbleEB_4.name=Cobbled Slate
tile.stoneCobbleEB_5.name=Cobbled Rhyolite


tile.oreGoldEB_0.name=Gold Ore
tile.oreGoldEB_1.name=Gold Ore
tile.oreGoldEB_2.name=Gold Ore
tile.oreGoldEB_3.name=Gold Ore
tile.oreGoldEB_4.name=Gold Ore
tile.oreGoldEB_5.name=Gold Ore


tile.oreIronEB_0.name=Iron Ore
tile.oreIronEB_1.name=Iron Ore
tile.oreIronEB_2.name=Iron Ore
tile.oreIronEB_3.name=Iron Ore
tile.oreIronEB_4.name=Iron Ore
tile.oreIronEB_5.name=Iron Ore


tile.oreCoalEB_0.name=Coal Ore
tile.oreCoalEB_1.name=Coal Ore
tile.oreCoalEB_2.name=Coal Ore
tile.oreCoalEB_3.name=Coal Ore
tile.oreCoalEB_4.name=Coal Ore
tile.oreCoalEB_5.name=Coal Ore


tile.oreLapisEB_0.name=Lapis Ore
tile.oreLapisEB_1.name=Lapis Ore
tile.oreLapisEB_2.name=Lapis Ore
tile.oreLapisEB_3.name=Lapis Ore
tile.oreLapisEB_4.name=Lapis Ore
tile.oreLapisEB_5.name=Lapis Ore


tile.oreRedstoneEB_0.name=Redstone Ore
tile.oreRedstoneEB_1.name=Redstone Ore
tile.oreRedstoneEB_2.name=Redstone Ore
tile.oreRedstoneEB_3.name=Redstone Ore
tile.oreRedstoneEB_4.name=Redstone Ore
tile.oreRedstoneEB_5.name=Redstone Ore


tile.oreDiamondEB_0.name=Diamond Ore
tile.oreDiamondEB_1.name=Diamond Ore
tile.oreDiamondEB_2.name=Diamond Ore
tile.oreDiamondEB_3.name=Diamond Ore
tile.oreDiamondEB_4.name=Diamond Ore
tile.oreDiamondEB_5.name=Diamond Ore


tile.oreEmeraldEB_0.name=Emerald Ore
tile.oreEmeraldEB_1.name=Emerald Ore
tile.oreEmeraldEB_2.name=Emerald Ore
tile.oreEmeraldEB_3.name=Emerald Ore
tile.oreEmeraldEB_4.name=Emerald Ore
tile.oreEmeraldEB_5.name=Emerald Ore


tile.slabSEB_0.name=Basalt Slab
tile.slabSEB_1.name=Shale Slab
tile.slabSEB_2.name=Hardened Sandstone Slab
tile.slabSEB_3.name=Limestone Slab
tile.slabSEB_4.name=Slate Slab
tile.slabSEB_5.name=Rhyolite Slab


tile.slabSEBB_0.name=Basalt Bricks Slab
tile.slabSEBB_1.name=Shale Bricks Slab
tile.slabSEBB_2.name=Hardened Sandstone Bricks Slab
tile.slabSEBB_3.name=Limestone Bricks Slab
tile.slabSEBB_4.name=Slate Bricks Slab
tile.slabSEBB_5.name=Rhyolite Bricks Slab


tile.slabSCEB_0.name=Cobbled Basalt Slab
tile.slabSCEB_1.name=Cobbled Shale Slab
tile.slabSCEB_3.name=Cobbled Limestone Slab
tile.slabSCEB_4.name=Cobbled Slate Slab
tile.slabSCEB_5.name=Cobbled Rhyolite Slab


tile.stairsSEBB0.name=Basalt Brick Stairs
tile.stairsSEBB1.name=Shale Brick Stairs
tile.stairsSEBB2.name=Hardened Sandstone Brick Stairs
tile.stairsSEBB3.name=Limestone Brick Stairs
tile.stairsSEBB4.name=Slate Brick Stairs
tile.stairsSEBB5.name=Rhyolite Brick Stairs


tile.stairsSCEB0.name=Cobbled Basalt Stairs
tile.stairsSCEB1.name=Cobbled Shale Stairs
tile.stairsSCEB3.name=Cobbled Limestone Stairs
tile.stairsSCEB4.name=Cobbled Slate Stairs
tile.stairsSCEB5.name=Cobbled Rhyolite Stairs


itemGroup.enhancedBiomesOrganic=Enhanced Biomes - Organic
itemGroup.enhancedBiomesMineral=Enhanced Biomes - Mineral
generator.typeEB=Enhanced Biomes